hello to you mr shout for today
we keep playing no for speed most
wanted
this time I'm not going to go a
going to go through all the races in black
we will be a lot of us on the list
Well I think let's start here with 15th place
that we only have three races
let's start with so late im then i
I do not remember which car I already selected
let's get started
so me more than all of my cars
like this one which was the prize for
career advancement
all the case as kids though he is a forester
they do n't even know how to drive
you are her they are ok now we are all
let 's go while we're here so we want to chase
tell you what games are going
do well here's a split or just
small review and maybe even
freedom to make fragmovie pen those who do not
knows what fragmovie is
clarify this video which is very
much smart
mounted and make it small
completely without a word what review
either I want to recommend a game to you
the channel is called non jerry which
just started to develop there
Fragmovie are made on the game
and I can give him in front of the fireplace too
oh oh my just now no lose no
no no they lose
go nafig not lose so here I am
I am going to do a review, and games such as
maynkravt is the same varfeys maybe
skyrim and still find what to do
review with this let's continue with us
now jump
so go
guys have cars he just saw
quite stupid lexus which surely is not
knows how to drive up to this is Francis who
now in last place
but minecraft will do a review as well
would just be a regular craft I pass
I will not because it is now anyone
not necessary but it is my opinion that now
no one is over
and in the warface, I'm already playing games and
and we play well standing in the clan
which is called faceless wanderers
he has us 150 thousand and me bye already
such a big level 4 silver
stripes so we went again
the race so and we have a water bank
swimming
which we are also so best fast opening
that again lexus no it don't remember to
pump hts generally went
but this is cool yes it was beautiful
there is one person catching up
great now let's see what we have
retired flow couldn't even imagine
imagine that potter is so simple
pour out of the race i'm distressed
by the way, just thought maybe i
I will also make maynkrafte
passing different maps and necessarily
I will lay out the place
youtube sorry sites where i am
download maps and can also give
recommend you a site where
the module on the screen though I don’t remember it
address but google and you should definitely
dial fashion on skyrim and 1 either 2 or 3
the site should be them go to all three
Well, in general, I will not torment you, and God, this
site in description
that's great we went through the next series i
show you how how well how are we going
to race
which will represent us 14th place
Well, all bye
and by the way 100 almost call sign
on the channel leave huskies if here
for the first time and leave your comments
wish and remarks just yet i
thought it would be good to start start
rubric ponto and msya nedforspid bridge
vanted
I will buy new cars of them
pump that all bye